0	0	Tied for the best movie I have ever seen	Carflo	26/11/2003	Why do I want to write the 234th comment on The Shawshank Redemption? I am not sure - almost everything that could be possibly said about it has been said. But like so many other people who wrote comments, I was and am profoundly moved by this simple and eloquent depiction of hope and friendship and redemption. The only other movie I have ever seen that affects me as strongly is To Kill a Mockingbird. Both movies leave me feeling cleaner for having watched them. I didn't intend to see this movie at all: I do not like prison movies and I don't normally watch them. I work at a branch library and one day as I was checking The Shawshank Redemption out to one of our older patrons, she said to me, "Whenever I feel down or depressed, I check out this movie and watch it and it always makes me feel better." At the time, I thought that was very strange. One day there was nothing on TV except things I absolutely would not watch under any circumstance or things that I had seen too many times already. I remembered what she said, so I watched it. I have watched it many many times since then and it gets better with every showing. No action, no special effects - just men in prison uniforms talking to each other. The Shawshank Redemption and To Kill a Mockingbird are the best movies I have ever seen. I do not judge it by it's technical merits - I don't really care about that. I have read that Citizen Kane or The Godfather or this or that movie is the best movie ever made. They may have the best technique or be the most influential motion pictures ever made, but not the best. The best movies are ones that touch the soul. It takes a movie like The Shawshank Redemption to touch the soul.
0	1	Prepare to be moved	Speedreid	08/02/2001	I have never seen such an amazing film since I saw The Shawshank Redemption. Shawshank encompasses friendships, hardships, hopes, and dreams. And what is so great about the movie is that it moves you, it gives you hope. Even though the circumstances between the characters and the viewers are quite different, you don't feel that far removed from what the characters are going through. It is a simple film, yet it has an everlasting message. Frank Darabont didn't need to put any kind of outlandish special effects to get us to love this film, the narration and the acting does that for him. Why this movie didn't win all seven Oscars is beyond me, but don't let that sway you to not see this film, let its ranking on the IMDb's top 250 list sway you, let your friends¡¦ recommendation about the movie sway you. Set aside a little over two hours tonight and rent this movie. You will finally understand what everyone is talking about and you will understand why this is my all-time favorite movie.
0	2	The Shawshank Redemption	Tim Cox	25/3/1999	One of the finest films made in recent years. It's a poignant story about hope. Hope gets me. That's what makes a film like this more than a movie. It tells a lesson about life. Those are the films people talk about 50 or even 100 years from you. It's also a story for freedom. Freedom from isolation, from rule, from bigotry and hate. Freeman and Robbins are majestic in their performances. Each learns from the other. Their relationship is strong and you feel that from the first moment they make contact with one another. There is also a wonderful performance from legend James Whitmore as Brooks. He shines when it is his time to go back into the world, only to find that the world grew up so fast he never even got a chance to blink. Stephen King's story is brought to the screen with great elegance and excitement. It is an extraordinary motion that people "will" be talking about in 50 or 100 years.
0	3	Powerful	Thomas McFadden	25/07/2001	One of my all time favorites. Shawshank Redemption is a very moving story about hope and the power of friendship. The cast is first rate with everyone giving a great performance. Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman carry the movie, but Bob Gunton and Clancy Brown are perfect as the Warden Norton and prison guard captain Hadley respectively. And James Whitmore's portrail of an elderly inmate Brooks is moving. The screenplay gives almost every actor at least one or more memorable lines through out the film. As well as a very surprising "twist" near the end that almost knocked me out of my chair. If you have not seen this movie rent it or better yet buy it. As I bet you'll want to see this one more than once.
0	4	Stephen King's best adapted movie	Dan Grant	13/07/1999	Misery and Stand By Me were the best adaptations up until this one, now you can add Shawshank to that list. This is simply one of the best films ever made and I know I am not the first to say that and I certainly won't be the last. The standing on the IMDb is a true barometer of that. #3 as of this date and I'm sure it could be number 1. So I'll just skip all the normal praise of the film because we all know how great it is. But let me perhaps add that what I find so fascinating about Shawshank is that Stephen King wrote it. King is one of the best writers in the world. Books like IT and the Castle Rock series are some of the greatest stories ever told. But his best adaptations are always done by the best directors. The Shining was brilliantly interpreted by Kubrick and of course the aforementioned Misery and Stand By Me are both by Rob Reiner. Now Frank Darabont comes onto the scene and makes arguably the best King film ever. He seems to understand what King wants to say and he conveys that beautifully. What makes this film one of the best ever made is the message it conveys. It is one of eternal hope. Andy Dufresne, played by Tim Robbins, has been sent to prison for a crime he did not commit. But he never loses hope. He never gives up his quest to become a free man again. His years of tenacity, patience and wits keep him not only sane, but it gives his mind and a spirit a will to live. This film has a different feel to it. There has never been anything like it before and I don't know if there will again. I'm not going to say any more about this film, it has already been said, but just suffice to say that I am glad that Forrest Gump won best picture in 94. I would have been equally glad if Pulp Fiction or Shawshank would have won. It is that good of a movie and one that will be appreciated for years to come.
0	5	This is How Movies Should Be Made	Alex	18/02/2008	This movie is not your ordinary Hollywood flick. It has a great and deep message. This movie has a foundation and just kept on being built on from them and that foundation is hope. Other than just the message of this movie the acting was phenomenal. Tim Robbins gave one of the greatest performances ever. He was inspiring, intelligent and most of all positive. His performance just made me smile. Robbins plays Andy Dufresne who was wrongfully convicted of murdering his wife and her lover. He is gets to life sentences but yet never gives up hope. In he becomes friends with Ellis Boyd "Red" Redding played by Morgan Freeman. Freeman who gives the finest performance of his career has unlike Robbins lost hope. He is in deep regret of the crime that he committed. His way of deflecting the pain away is by trying to not feel anything at all. With his friendship with Andy he learns that without our hopes and dreams we have nothing. Andy also becomes friends with the rest of Red's group. James Whitmore also gave a great performance as Brooks Halten who gets out of prison parole but in the words of Red he has been "institutionalized". The directing by Frank Darabont was just magnificent. He kept this movie at a great steady pace along with the writing and great cinematography. He portrayed prison life in such a horrifying way, but not in terms of the physical pain but the stress and pain that wares mentally on the inmates, some of which deserve a second chance. Whatever you do, don't listen to the people who say this movie is overrated because this is one of the most inspiring and greatest movies ever. It has everything you could possibly want.
0	6	Simply known as "The Movie"	Chad Millar	06/02/1999	Whenever I talk about this movie with my friends, I do not even refer to it by title, but rather as "The Movie". When I say "The Movie", my friends know exactly what I'm talking about. In fact the main reason that me and my friends don't refer to it by title is because this movie is so great, that we do not feel worthy enough to say it's name in vain! I still remember the first time I saw The Shawshank Redemption. Some friends of mine and I went to see it at one of those "Budget Theaters" over the summer of 1995. None of us really knew anything about the movie, but we had heard that it was pretty good. So, not having any real expectations, we saw it. When the final credits rolled and the lights came on in the theater, all of us just sat there with our jaws hanging down on the floor. I turned my head towards my friend Bob and said "That was the greatest movie I have ever seen in my entire life!" There's really no other way I can put it in words. Every moment of this movie captivated me and inspired me to believe in the one true thing in life...... "HOPE". This movie is sad, uplifting, inspiring, harsh, cold, funny (at the right times), jaw-dropping, and heart-warming all at the same time. I get chills every time I watch this film and this film contains the greatest ending (which takes place over the last 30 minutes or so)in movie history! How it all just "comes together" is so incredible and uplifting. I should also mention the music in this movie is nearly flawless as well, and the soundtrack is a "must buy" for any music fan. The only bad thing about this movie is the fact that I know I will never see a better movie, no matter how many I may see. I've seen many movies over the past few years, many excellent films. However, every time I walk out of the theater, I turn to my friend or family member that I saw it with and I say, "That was a great movie, but it wasn't nearly as good as 'you know what'!" There have been many movies over the past few years that thought would really move me or that I might one day call my "favorite of all time", but they've all fallen far short of "The Shawshank Redemption". So, if you have yet to see this movie, please run to the video store immediately. You're guaranteed to find it in the "employee picks" section. And if it isn't in that section, then you should tell the employees there that there is something seriously wrong with them. If you have seen this movie, go see it again. If you haven't bought your own copy yet, buy one. In fact buy two, and put one in a fire-proof safe, just in case of an emergency. :o) So, you want a 1-10 rating??? I give it a 13!!!!!!
0	7	Don't Rent Shawshank.	 Eye Dunno	21/11/2005	I'm trying to save you money; this is the last film title that you should consider borrowing. Renting Shawshank will cost you five bucks... just plunk down the $25 and own the title. You'll wind up going back to this gem time and time again. This is one of few movies that are truly timeless. And it's entertaining and moving, no matter how many times you view it. Forget about what others (including myself) might suggest you'll discover in "The Shawshank Redemption;" when you watch it, you'll identify something very personal in your own life with a scene, a character, or a moment in this uncomplicated movie. When you need hope, you'll look for Shawshank. When you want to believe in the will of overcoming even the greatest obstacles, Shawshank will uplift you in ways that you can't find in movies today. Some liken the film to some kind of spiritual awakening. Of course, some can go to a church or mosque to find enlightenment and Faith in humanity, but most places of worship are open only certain days or times. But when you need affirmation of the lasting bond of friendships that prevail over the direst circumstances, Shawshank will give it to you. It makes grown men (like me) cry, still. I wonder whether Shawshank was truly meant for viewing in the privacy of the home, because it is a personal experience that really makes you look inward. Nominated for seven, this is the best film that never one a single Oscar. How ironic that an innocent man winds up being surrounded by the corruption of the legal system. Shawshank itself is similar to the character of Andy Dufresne. Prejudging this classic film, critics couldn't get past the title. The public followed suit, initially dismissing Shawshank, which failed in the box office just like "It's a Wonderful Life" and "Citizen Kane." It could have just whithered away on the store shelves, like Andy Dufresne could have in his own cell. But the characters prevailed, because Andy -- And Shawshank -- stayed true. Now, these movies are right up there as the most popular films of all time. Anyone who has yet to watch Shawshank may be so jaded of movies, or the film's title, or how a 2-1/2- hour movie set inside the walls of a prison can manage to tap the soul of such a wide range of people. Shawshank has not one explosion. I wonder if it even has a single special effect or digitally- enhanced frame. But every aspect of Shawshank fit together. The acting from the top to the bit part. The musical score. The editing. The photography. The story, from opening credits to final scene. All involved, including the town of Mansfield, Ohio (where Shawshank was actually filmed) played their roles perfectly. Shawshank is a must- see, must- own title.
0	8	The closest thing to poetic perfection Hollywood has ever produced	Dave	02/08/1998	This touching and heart warming film is the most perfect celebration of the human spirit I have seen. Andy Dufresne, wrongly convicted of murdering his wife and her lover, finds the strength not only to change himself, but to bring hope to those around him in Shawshank Prison. This inspiring story is interwoven with a soundtrack which invokes every emotion, from haunting and chilling, to stirring and beautiful. When you go to see a movie and it touches you with its poetry, music, and its atmosphere, and leaves you with a sense of victorious satisfaction, it is a triumph. Field of Dreams was the first movie which invoked these emotions in me. Shawshank Redemption is even more powerful for its simplicity. It doesn't pretend to be clean, nor could it be called a family movie. It is brutal and violent at times, horrifying and sickening at others. However the title says it all. Redemption is what this story is all about. And it is not necessarily redemption for the actual crimes you might have committed, but it is redemption for the way you have lived your life. What emerges can only be called a maginificent piece of art. This is what movies were meant to be.
0	9	A movie revolution upon all others	Bloker Q	07/09/2006	We have all see movies, comedies, action and dramas. We all liked ones, hated others, got into some other even and felt like part of it. In Shawshank Redemption; you start slowly, after a while you get attached, by the time you reach the middle of the movie you simply totally forget about anything outside the screen and feel a mixed stream of emotions going through you head before anything else! then comes a last 20 minutes of heart storming that is surely enough to raise the adrenaline to extreme levels even in diabetics! I felt warm, strong, happy and all other emotions one can think of, I felt I was the one who won, who got out of prison, i was simply fully satisfied. This movie must be used as an Anti-depression by therapists! this movie proves that Oscars are either money bought gifts! Or that who ever in charge of them are so smart that they couldn't give any Oscar to The Shawshank Redemption knowing that the movie is on different - much higher- rating scale than the Oscars... it's simply over qualified!
0	10	Over Rated	Dbborroughs	24/04/2004	There is no denying that this is a very good movie. The acting is great and it tells a good story. Personally, I find it a bit too long and a little too sweet for my taste, but its far from a bad film. On the other end of the spectrum I have yet to understand why this film was nominated for as many Oscars as it was and why so many people have fallen in love with it. To place it on the same level as The Godfather and several hundred other films has to be the result of different tastes. This is a film that should be seen because its a good movie, not because its a great one.
1	0	Admit this movie is overrated	harrygodfrey	23/07/2014	Without Heath Ledger's portrayal of the Joker no one would care about this film. It's bland and nowhere near as good as everyone says. Not to mention full of plot holes.
1	1	I'm still angry that this wasn't up for Best Picture and Best Director	lehmanmatthew18	03/09/2014	Just for fun, I was looking at the Oscars winners page, and all these years later, and I am still angry that The Dark Knight did not get nominated for Best Picture and Director at the Academy Awards for that year. There are no exceptions either, THIS NEEDED TO WIN BOTH AWARDS. Instead Slumdog Millionaire went on to win both Awards. SLUMDOG MILLIONARE!? REALLY!? To this day I'm still laughing about it. I know that the Oscars are just an awards show, but come on!
1	2	Watchmen	caebhavenhill10	29/09/2014	Its 10 times better than this Nolan garbage piece of *beep*
1	3	The fight chreography of the trilogy	ajvenigalla	18/09/2014	The Dark Knight Trilogy is heavily acclaimed by fans, critics, film buffs, and Batman fans, particularly for its realistic tone, its grittiness and epic scope amidst the metropolitan setting of the trilogy. Personally, I am a big fan of the trilogy, and I would consider it one of the best works in cinematic history (let's cue the &quot;you need to see mo' movies&quot; tune) along with The Godfather, The Lord of the Rings trilogy, Ben-Hur, Lawrence of Arabia, and the other classics of cinema
1	4	This movie is so time-wasting	meakco51	21/09/2014	How can somebody like this movie, I mean it was one of the worst movies ever, so pathetic, Just kidding it was awesome, I really liked it, and I have to admit it, the Joker was the one that made this movie epic not Batman, Gotham also played a really vital part, considering what an interesting city it is
1	5	Allien Isolation looks so really good	randybabythereal	21/09/2014	if you're a pussy who likes to crawl around silently and hide like a bitch. Not me. Whenever I play a game and I roll into a new location, I immediately throw between 3 to 5 grenades in random directions. That's before I do anything at all. It's called recon, the sounds of people dying in agony give me a good idea of their positions. Then I unleash machine gun fury on whoever is left standing. Sure, it could've been a harmless town full of friendly NPCs and quest givers I just killed, but I didn't know that and I wasn't about to let them get the drop on me
1	6	Still the best movie of the last decade!	MisterHeisenberg	18/09/2014	GIMME A HELL YEAH IF YOU AGREE
1	7	3rd greatest film of all time	norgizfox	17/09/2014	If you haven't see it already, Empire magazine put out a list of the 301 greatest movies of all time, as voted by anyone online. It's a pretty interesting list. There are some unfortunate films missing, as well as some movies that don't deserve to be on there, but what bugged me the most was that The Dark Knight was listed at number three, only behind The Godfather and Empire Strikes Back
1	8	satanic movie	face_pain	17/09/2014	If you want to be considered good, don't defend yourself in the only way you can by killing criminals before they can kill you. humanity would go extinct in few days if people thought that way
1	9	This place is a right fright.	Dr_Mrs_theMonarc	11/09/2014	Here is the youtube link:https://youtube.com/watch?v=GgZYCj39M38
1	10	SOA:The Final Ride	Jesse_Pinkman	10/09/2014	Oh *beep* this season is going to insane!
2	0	The Fatal Flaw in Inception.	gyrosphere	01/10/2014	If we consider the act of Project Inception on Third Level, the occurrence of Avalanche and Explosion on Fort coincides to the Van hitting the bridge and Van hitting the water. Considering the time dilation 1:20, the Van takes 6 seconds to fall and hit the water (as Arthur gets two minutes in level 2 as said by Cobb). Six Seconds on level 1 will equate to 0.30 seconds in Reality. So most of the things that happened in snow level i.e. The team fighting with the guards, taking decisions, entry into the fort, fighting the enemies from inside the fort, Fischer getting shot, Fischer being revived, Fischer made to talk with his dad, the Explosion etc. - All happened in 0.30 seconds on reality
2	1	It's only for intellegent people	Calypso-63	01/10/2014	I noticed that all the people I met who loved Inception are intellegent and creative, while the ones who disliked it (with no apparent reason) have average intellect. Not that I'm measuring people's IQ based on their taste in movies, but I noticed that
2	2	BEST MOVIE EVER!	gstards	30/09/2014	Really. It's perfect film for me as it's perfect for smart people. Directing, screenplay, acting, cinematography, soundtrack - it's ALL ideal in this movie
2	3	Ah! Now it makes sense!	AJ_Raffles	25/09/2014	The Scarecrow wakes up in a z zombie filled London because Teddy saw a blue sky on Mars at the end.Took a while but feel totally vindicated for figuring it out!
2	4	One little thing that doesn't make sense	WallaceHasLanded	07/09/2014	When Cobb goes to Mumbassa to find Eames they end up sitting in that bar and chatting. Eames noticed that Cobb is being tailed by the Cobal Engineering thugs and Cobb makes a break for it. Huge chase scene takes plave, Cobb is running away, getting shot at, etc etc
2	5	Excellent plot. Bad acting and unconvincing characters	Phrixotrichus	01/08/2014	Ellen Page is probably the most annoying actress I've seen and the rest of the cast was mediocre at best.Even Dicaprio was weak in this movie. Pity...
2	6	The first time I watched it...	cronashtear	23/08/2014	Even through i had great expectations torwards the movie, because i visited imdb just before i watched it, i consider myself lucky enough to have seen a post where someone warned general watchers they took extra care in details during the first part of the movie, and i have to recognise, i even replayed many scenes in the begining so i could get everythig perfectly clear, and that helped me a lot to witness the most intense climax in the film history of all the movies i have ever seen....simply genious
2	7	Have you ever had a lucid dream?	Honk_If_You_Love	13/08/2014	In the dream (an unusually vivid one) I was in an upper floor of a 2 story condo where I stayed for a couple of months once. I was in the bathroom and I looked in the mirror and I see that I'm wearing my old glasses and they were in new condition. The actual pair were wire with a black coating that had worn off. Seeing that made me say to myself "hey this is a dream I can do whatever I want". So I took a run at a window and crashed thru it, and I found myself suspended in a grey fog as I floated to the ground. Then I stood in the dark wondering what to do next. I looked over at the horizon and saw a red glow where the town was suppose to be
2	8	is it your favorite of all times?	destroyeroflife820	04/08/2014	definitely mine,http://www.imdb.com/list/ls070545399/ brilliant masterpiece
2	9	interstellar trailer, for this interested	scar-face-009	30/07/2014	click on the link or go to the main website and type in the code 7201969 (the apollo 11 landing)http://bmansmovietvsportsblog.blogspot.ca/
2	10	Talks of a sequel	jonathonanthonygraham24	04/08/2014	I overheard my brother and his friend talking about their idea for a sequel.
3	0	Best scene of the movie	mustangguy809	02/10/2014	For me it was when Butch started yelling and throwing the TV because within a split second, he goes from calling his girlfriend names to telling her calmly that it wasn't her fault; he hadn't stressed the importance of the watch enough. Then when he's alone in the car, he goes back to blaming her. I thought it was hilarious
3	1	I just don't understand this film	crustaceous	30/09/2014	now, before I begin I would like to say that I find the dialogue in this film exquisite, and I thoroughly enjoyed many moments in this movie. however, I am very confused as to why this movie is so widely popular and acclaimed. to me, it was a series of unrelated events in a non linear order, like a collection of short films featuring the same characters. So, my question is, why is this movie so /good/? Why is this considered a favorite among so many people
3	2	Most Eviil Characters(s) in this Movie	aaronhutch2002	29/09/2014	Who would you say was/were the most evil character(s) in this movie? I would say Maynard and Zed, because they started to rape Marcellus, and I imagine their intention was to rape and murder him, and then do the same to Butch. Other characters in this movie killed people, but at least they didn't rape them beforehand
3	3	Scenes I'd liked to have seen	Joker_forever	29/09/2014	Jules telling Marcellus that he's quitting.
3	4	stupid, pointless, overrated movie	El_perror_insano	07/08/2014	messy script, average acting, boring dialogues, stupid story
3	5	interesting facts about pulp fictions 2oth anniversary	purplebear17	25/09/2014	http://www.cnn.com/2014/09/23/showbiz/movies/pulp-fiction-20th-anniver sary/
3	6	Butch vs Vincent question	pilarp-1	10/08/2014	When Butch was pointing the gun at Vincent, toasts suddenly jumped out of a toaster which makes me wonder... did Butch intentionally pull the trigger at exactly the same moment or was it a nervous reflex caused by the sound of toasts and otherwise Butch would've handled the whole situation differently? The way it was depicted, death of Vincent looks kind of random, much like when Vincent accidentally shot Marvin. I think Butch was going to kill him anyway, but perhaps he was going to ask some questions first. What do you think?
3	7	The most tragic character	donj79	17/09/2014	Vincent Vega. Tragic considering the amount of cr@p he went through the couple of days before his death:1. Was saved by 'an act of God' when he and Jules were nearly shot in the apartment. 2. He accidently shoots Marv in the head on the road, during broad daylight
3	8	The guy getting raped	xix_azn_luc_xix	03/11/2013	Forgot his name but the big black dude getting raped is so disturbing....
3	9	The most interesting shot in the entire film	LDuderino	07/06/2014	My choice would be the tracking shot where we follow Butch from his car to the appartment in which his confrontation with Vince takes place. No dialogue. No cuts or tricks. Just Butch walking for about a minute. It's something you almost never see in movies because it seems too simple, but which gives a considerate amount of tension to what follows -- and it really puts you there with Butch for some strange reason. Any other favorites?
3	10	Best Minor Performance?	hockeydude469	05/05/2014	I'd say Peter Greene as Zed was superb, and Eric Stoltz as Lance comes in second. What do you think?
4	0	Recast Fight Club	Kerbouchard	27/09/2014	If they were going to do a remake of Fight Club today (and I absolutely do not want this to happen. This is just for fun)
4	1	If fight club isnt your favorite movie.........	deadpet21	17/09/2014	Then it wasnt really made for you. What is your favorite movie of all time then?
4	2	How is this overrated?	ljshorts	23/09/2014	I can't figure out why so many people think Fight Club is overrated. Ebert gave it a 2.5/4... (pretty bad for Ebert's standards). I know it's not going to appeal to everybody, but what aspects of the movie should be hurting it's current rating? What isn't good about the film specifically?
4	3	Would love to see this present day.	anroidzero	24/09/2014	As perfect as this movie is I would love to see it present day, with the same cast same age everything. Just time travel them to now plzkthx.
4	4	Delete your comment 'Fight Club' way	misha1998	16/08/2014	This comment was deleted because it broke the first two rules of Fight Club
4	5	the ending	Jarvisford16	03/09/2014	I'm sure this is a constant question but why did Edward Norton not die from the gunshot but Tyler did? My best guess is that the intention to kill Tyler was enough (in his mind) regardless if he died but I'm just curious of other people's ideas.
4	6	I mixed the Pixies' Debaser with the Fight Club Trailer	flowerythethird	20/09/2014	It syncs up pretty neatly..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPxikEcASIg
4	7	Fight Club is a film about power and control??	jessica-nelson1265	25/08/2014	Every time I watch this movie I notice something new about it. This movie rates as one of my all-time favorite movies. But I am confused about the main idea of the movie, it is all about power or control??
4	8	Why do so many people think this film is 'deep'?	cyanroberts817	01/07/2014	I can't believe people let this film change their philosophy and world view. It's a great black comedy, though. I laughed until it hurt.
4	9	Worst. Doctor. EVER.	RaiderDuck	14/02/2014	Early in the film, Jack goes to the doctor complaining of insomnia and asks him to prescribe something. The doctor refuses, saying "You need healthy, natural sleep." Since insomnia is the inability to fall asleep, this doctor's advice is completely worthless. If Jack could get "healthy, natural sleep," he wouldn't be going to this quack in the first place. Can you imagine going to this doc if you have cancer? "No, I'm not going to do anything. You just need to not have that tumor in your body."
4	10	Quick question about the house	marmitethecat	17/08/2014	Only got around to watching this recently. Thought it was excellent and they pulled of the  One issue I had, which is a bit of a nit pick.
5	0	For the love of god- READ THE BOOKS FIRST!	Obeylovesmovies	05/04/2014	The books are 10 times better than the movies. And reading the books afterwards is quite unrewarding because of the spoilers - duh. This is my experience.. I wish i'd read the books first.
5	1	Foundation	Haroid_of_Whoa	19/08/2014	I had some thoughts about the Prologue and Isildur flashbacks and the ways in which they differ from the book (and other canon.) Maybe the better way to put it is ¡§How do those changes serve as an adaptation that sets the foundation for the movie?¡¨ There can be any number of reasons for changes made in an adaptation of a book, and the differences in the Isildur/Ring backstory could be viewed as nothing more than ways to simplify the story or to make it more visual and more dramatic. The impact of these changes, however, is to align some story elements with the thematic focus that carries through the entire film trilogy.
5	2	Little things that annoy you in LOTR	Obeyloves	15/04/2014	Details only J.R.R. Tolkien understands in his head. And then Frodo went down the hill and turned left right after the lemon tree but before the apple tree and soon after the waterfall which was on the right hand side unless you approach the valley from the north-east which frodo and sam did. The sun was setting behind the mountains on their left unless you look at frodo and sam upside down. rrright...
5	3	The one goal of this film	kaine-gid	21/09/2014	is to get to a volcano and throw a ring in and they never even get there. How is that any different to a whole film about Luke Skywalker flying to Alderan and never saving the princess?People bitch about the Hobbit:Unexpected journey being a drawn out overly long piece of crap, but this film is the EXACT SAME THING!!
5	4	Imagine if Townsend played Aragorn?	makie0998	18/07/2014	IMHO, it would have been disasterous. Viggo was quite literally born to play Aragorn in which he immersed himself into that character rather brilliantly. I just can't picture Townsend sporting the disheveled and battle harderned appearance of Aragorn while delivering his lines convincingly Nothing against him as an actor, I just can't see him or anyone for that matter, doing such an excellent job as Mortensen did.
5	5	Why such a high rating?	BearEatsYou	25/04/2014	Watching the first film in the trilogy, I thought it was pretty **** . So didn't bother watching the rest.I know some fanboys will get angry, and I understand. You might love the film. But how the **** does the trilogy 
5	6	best trilogy ever	markmclanchlan007	31/07/2014	Anyone name any better?
5	7	Ian Holm as Bilbo - serious+scary	Obeylovesmovies	13/09/2014	I love Ian Holm as an actor and he did terrific job as Bilbo, perhaps one of the best performances in the movies in my oppinion, but his Bilbo was very serious and a little bit scary too. Perhaps because Ian Holms face is so intimidating. I don't see much resemblance between Ian Holm's Bilbo and the current fellow, Martin Freeman. End of message.
5	8	Listen to my Frodo song!	titanick2	09/09/2014	Right here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Su4MV-0Kv08
5	9	Theatrical or Extended Version?	hayden-patrick-weber	12/07/2014	I have seen the theatrical versions of all of the Lord of The Rings films several times. I was considering purchasing the extended versions of them but was wondering if it's worth buying them and just to stay with the theatrical cuts.
5	10	Admit it!	FlameOfAnor	19/08/2014	When Gandalf says "behold the great realm and dwarf city, dwarrowdelf." You get major goosebumps thanks to Howard shore ! Shame about the sad scenes that follow!
6	0	Imrahil	Mortimer605	30/09/2014	His character should have been included in the movie. And Swan Knights of Dol Amroth, too. Only my opinion, of course.
6	1	why the hobbit can be 3 movies	GameOfNedStacrkDies	29/09/2014	http://www.trymodern.com/2014/09/29/peter-jackson-explains-hes-expandi ng-hobbit-battle-five-armies-310.html I guess it makes sense but still. Probably could have done it in two movies.
6	2	Why attacking Minas Tirith was a dumb stupid mistake	Michbe123	11/08/2014	So okay, you have the entire central government and leadership of Gondor holed up in this city built into the side of a cliff; why not just go pillage the rest of Gondor? Why would you spend 3 days or so invading the city, when the only reason you're trying to get in there in the first place is to dismantle a government which is already disabled due to you holding the city closest to it - Osgiliath?
6	3	Forgot how big these movies were	ReeseJohn	22/09/2014	I'm just rewatching the Extend Edition Blu Rays for the 1st time in ages and forgot how big these movies were. 100's of locations, actors, costumes etc. It brought me back to 1998 when the trilogy was announced and I was in the midst of reading the novels. I couldn't fathom how they would be able to adapt even a 1/4 of the stuff in the books to the screen at the time
6	4	Our generation's Star Wars	kswiss89	29/09/2014	Just re-watched the trilogy, as a kid the first movie I can remember watching was A New Hope, and I think The Lord of the Rings trilogy is the one that defines our generation, I will surely show it to my kids at a young age.
6	5	I love these films...but	edgardedge	27/07/2014	I'm sure you've heard this one before, but I still can't get over it. It's the biggest plothole in the series: the *beep* eagles. I know i'm pretty much beating a dead horse, but I just don't get it. People say that the eagles don't wanna get involved, but they clearly do get involved anyway. Another excuse I've heard is that they would have been takend down, but they got to Mordor okay on Return, and they could have had Gandalf and Legolas riding them to protect them. And let's face it, it's only by pure *beep* luck that the plan of sending Frodo and Sam even worked.
6	6	To many frigging endings	derrynfry	06/01/2014	don't get me wrong but the film is great but i feel the last 20 minutes are just torcher to the bladders of the watchers.
6	7	Great movie, however.	sephirothslies	27/08/2014	I loved these movies, they were great, however; Jackson left out some of my favorite and most exciting parts in TROTK, and added some parts that I didnt care for. Instead of having Farimir dragging Frodo half way back to Gondor, which kind of makes him a douche, (unlike his character in the book) why not include the highlights of the battle instead? For instance, the whole light and darkness aspect of the fight. The Mount of Doom was pumping out smoke to keep the Orcs in the dark, as they do not care for light, trolls even turn to stone in the light. Or they're supposed to. In the book there was a constant struggle between the light and the dark. But I'm just spit balling here. What I really wanted to see ( in the main movie, not extended scenes) is Gandalf squaring off against the Lord of the Nazgul when the gate came down, only to be saved at the last second by the dawn coming and the Rohan showing up just in time, charging immediately to the sound of horns. In the original cut, there was no square off, and when Rohan showed up it wasn't a sudden the shock troop surprise flank it should have been. They made that big speech, etc etc, took too long.
6	8	Biggest goosebumps moment	ricasus77	14/07/2014	Iv just recently rematched the trilogy for the umpteenth time (extended obviously). It never gets old.
6	9	Cast is too comic	ethemkundak07	31/07/2014	I mean, they even included nameless Gondorian soldier to first cast page instead of many important characters. Gondorian Soldier 1, Uruk Hai 2, whaaaat? What is the point of that? I pretty sure that topic has been brought here. I just can't stop laughing when I see first cast page LOL
6	10	Anyone else not love this film?	mussobrennon	16/08/2014	The Action sequences, and special effects are amazing, but that's really all the movie had to offer in my opinion. The acting was good, not great, the dialogue was really bad, it was far too sappy. There were far too many cheesy scenes. And this is more of a critique of the whole series, but after the FOTR, the plot never really advances, there's very little character development. Frodo is the worst "hero" in cinema history, like seriously. He does nothing. He just gets himself and Sam in trouble, and Sam has to save him every time. Literally, Frodo does nothing. He's 100% useless. They totally overplay all the Hobbits greatness in the end when they bow to them.
7	0	One of the most stupid scripts in history	bernardchan1	20/09/2014	Using humans as batteries and creating a virtual world for them while they are being used as batteries? Really? Any one with a modicum of sense would realize how stupid this plot really is.
7	1	In retrospect it has not aged well	Isnz	24/12/2013	On it's release it was impressive enough, made me want to see the sequels when they were made. Noticed far more philosophical holes in the story this time round, and that clanger of a scene/dialogue when Neo says he "needs guns", and what follows is that shoot-out at the office lobby with lots of cartwheels and dancing: It was just wrong, plain wrong. It was wrong on first release and even more wrong now.
7	2	looking back...	clockworkorange13	15/09/2014	this is probably one of the smarter movie that the human species has created.
7	3	The matrix vs terminator 2	brian10647	03/07/2014	Both of these movies are regarded as some of the best action/sci-fi movies of all time and we're HUGE hits both critically and box office wise. I was thinking although the basic plot are completely different, these two movies deal greatly with the human race in a war with machines. I was just curious which one you guys like better?
7	4	Love the movie 99%. 2 silly references keep it from 100.	jocke-	19/01/2014	This is one awesome movie. I first saw it around 2000-2001, and have always thoroughly enjoyed it every time I re-watched it. I watched it tonight for yet another time, and the story just engulfs you. There are so many brilliant scenes.
7	5	A quick little bit I've always liked..	flowerythethird	12/07/2014	During the famous rooftop Bullet-time scene, Neo is shooting at the agent, who easily dodges the shots, and then prepares to fire back at Neo.
7	6	Most Underrated Sci-Fi Movies of the 90's	Irina16	26/06/2014	The Matrix is one of the most iconic, cult and just popular Sci-Fi films ever but let's talk about most underrated and overlooked sci-fi projects of the decade 1990-1999.
7	7	A potential funny line	callumr44	17/06/2014	Apparently before he died Brandon Lee was in the running to play Neo. Had he not died and accepted the role, imagine Neo saying " I know Kung Fu" and Morpheus reply's " Duh your the son of Bruce Lee". I just think that would have been so funny, of course it would never have been said.
7	8	Neo's passport expires	coolduderami	25/09/2013	Damn, now that's something. You can knock on Ed Wood but it won't do you no good 'cause all of my heroes are dead in Hollywood
7	9	Do you feel one day someone will make another movie?	georgewiggins	26/07/2014	Everything is possible... and I always thought it was a huge mistake to end the franchise after that bomb called Revolutions.
7	10	Too little effort to track Neo	Totemkauf	16/06/2014	So they 'bug' Neo, we visually see them put a bug in him while he's awake. Did they hope he'd not think it was real? why but him awake?
8	0	The only good mafia movie of the 70's	mercury4	23/09/2014	Besides Godfather and Godfather Part II, I wasn't impressed with any of the mafia movies that followed in the 70's. I've seen The Valachi Papers, which I found very dull and uninspiring. I just saw Capone with Ben Gazzara and I wasn't impressed. We're there any other good ones that you would recommend besides The Godfather Parts I and II?
8	1	Reasons why The Godfather sucks.	cal-brady	19/07/2014	All lines are mumbled. The actors are ugly. It is not violent enough. The character are boring.
8	2	10 Greatest Best Picture Winners	snorlax3111984	19/09/2014	In honor of the 30th anniversary of Amadeus, here are my top 10 winners of the Best Picture Oscar. I've seen every Best Picture except Cavalcade and The Artist.
8	3	This is honestly the worst movie ever.	polet_bally	29/08/2014	Not really, but since they never get deleted, I thought that I would continue with the fine trolling tradition that seems to exist on every great movie's message board with one of these annoying threads. Have a nice day.
8	4	Everytime I hear about senator Kay Hagan	WildManFormBorneo	22/09/2014	I think it sounds like Kay Adams Corleone married Tom Hagan
8	5	I don't understand why Sollozzo has to kill Don Corleone	igforce	15/05/2014	Sollozzo goes to Don Corleone to be 'partners', the Don rebuffs him.Why does Sollozzo then try to take him out?
8	6	Funniest line in this film	Yukandueet	25/07/2014	"How's the Italian food in this restaurant?" 
8	7	One of the best 'kill' scenes on film...	thickybird1	02/09/2014	While the Godfather has many, the scene at the toll plaza near the beach, in which Sonny gets ambushed is incredible.
8	8	never noticed before	gpicoto	14/08/2014	After dozens of viewings, I noticed a small detail I'd always missed!Michael is in the car with Sollozzo & McCluskey. McCluskey pats Michael's shoulder, Pacino's lip curls! Nice touch lol 
8	9	Robert Evans is a dick	ntvnyr30	16/06/2014	He didn't like Pacino, he didn't like the score, he tried to get Coppola fired. And of course the film was a huge success in spite of him, yet he still tries to hog credit for its success.
8	10	scene i would ave loved to have seen	lonnieanixt	10/08/2014	Michael comes back from Exile, the Don meets him at the Airport, Michael is a broken man, Apollonia's death has shattered him, and he is in a deep depression, but he won't talk about it, The Don is thrilled to have him back, not a religious man , you can almost see the Don thanking God, that he has in Son back. Tom is there as well, they all greet each other with hugs and get into the car.
9	0	The most overrated movies on imdb	Voldemortvsharry	12/06/2013	The Overrate Movies On IMDb 1) Fight Club : Awesome And Fantastic Movie But No Way The 10th Best Movie Of All Time . Deserves To Be In The Top 100 Though.
9	1	overrated garbage	stellastar23	24/09/2014	You have bad tastes if you like this film. It's boring and over hyped.
9	2	MORE INNOCENT MOVIES LIKE FORREST GUMP	finalsucces_6608	20/09/2014	I will add that F.G is one of my all time favourite movies. It combines the qualities of great acting, expressions, script and the big factor of INNOCENCE in the chaharacter of Mr Forrest Forrest Gump.
9	3	Outstanding IMAX juxtaposition!	ilmmickey	20/09/2014	Earlier this past month, my family and I saw the IMAX re-exhibition of Forrest Gump and we thought it was much greater this way in this day and age than it was 20 years ago. Needless to say, the Paramount Pictures logo of its era was the same as before. This IMAX juxtaposition gave us more picture detail than before, no offense. I gotta hand it to all those involved. Let me explain to you that IMAX made one of the most outstanding movies of all time even more so.
9	4	Best 'Best Picture' of all time!	DANCESwithWOMEN	27/02/2014	For all the haters below that for some god awful reason, don't like this movie. ABC just did a poll/bracket on all the Oscar best picture winners, and guess who defeated Godfather in the superbowl?
9	5	Goof? *spoiler*	Madness832	02/06/2014	During the "old-film" KKK scene: it looked like there were modern tire tracks (in an "X") on the side of the dirt road.
9	6	Is it worth viewing in IMAX?	cleon68	06/09/2014	Is it?
9	7	the parts of this movie that ruined it for me	paul-j-maccabe3-393-752896	26/01/2014	Mostly the part where he rubs his face with a towel and a smiley face appears on it. It just took me right out of the film. That and when he comes up with *beep* happens". I'm still not even sure if I saw these as part of a director's cut or if it actually happened in the theaterical release.
9	8	'Cause you're my girl'	PazuzuTheDemon	29/01/2014	Oh my god, that line. It's just so innocent and made me love Forrest so much. And jenny..."why are you so good to me?" Come on. She should've dumped that loser abusive boyfriend then and there.
9	9	The bullies	GreyJug	28/08/2014	Were the guys who chased Forrest when his braces fell off the same people who chased him with a van?
9	10	Needs a Sequel	sons7667	04/04/2014	I'd love to see the returning cast set sail for a sequel. This has to be Tom Hanks best movie out of his entire career hands down.
10	0	OT - Worst/Weakest/Least Favorite Film In a Series	CyborgGoblin	10/09/2014	Had this thread here before but it's long gone now, so here it is again and a newer, improved version. Of the following movie series that have at least three or more movies, which installment to you find the be the worst/weakest one overall? It doesn't have to be a movie you dislike, just which is your least favorite. Remakes, crossovers and prequels count in any series that has them. Thought this would be a fun topic to share with so many sequels and remakes out and on the way to reflect on these series and their worst entries.
10	1	Tom Hardy Bane Vest.	jessican-neison1265	01/10/2014	Tom Hardy vest worn as Bane. Is at a sale price of 69.00. Order it now for adding a Devil Appearance at your Halloween Event.
10	2	Very good film I just watched It please read my post . I give it an 8.8	sexylikeyoda	29/09/2014	First let me suggest that any popular franchise as big as this is always going to have high expectations ~~ I can't fathom why people are saying iron man 3 was a better film than this. $250 million dollar budget if look closely and I have not listened to the commentary; so many of the stunts used in this film -- including the plane opening sequence were real and thats enough to impress jackie chan. yes the plane scene had cgi composites but some amazing high flying stunt work.
10	3	Still TBD what those fingerprints were supposed to prove	daddysarm	29/09/2014	Exactly funny and interesting. Joyful! WOW!!
10	4	REALLY BAD MOVIE	UnknownVllain	29/09/2014	ALL THE PLOT HOLES AND THE FLAWS. Batman Begins is alot better than this crap yet this has 8.6 and BB has 8.3?? how is this even possible? this one is no doubt the worst in the dark knight trilogy
10	5	The fight choreography of the trilogy	ajvenigalla	02/09/2014	The Dark Knight Trilogy is heavily acclaimed by fans, critics, film buffs, and Batman fans, particularly for its realistic tone, its grittiness and epic scope amidst the metropolitan setting of the trilogy. Personally, I am a big fan of the trilogy, and I would consider it one of the best works in cinematic history (let's cue the &quot;you need to see mo' movies&quot; tune) along with The Godfather, The Lord of the Rings trilogy, Ben-Hur, Lawrence of Arabia, and the other classics of cinema.
10	6	'Plane crash'? Seriously... ?	thewolfchild	12/09/2014	Opening scene meant to look like a simple plane crash (simple as in mechanical failure, weather (microburst), pilot error, etc....)So, how do they explain the fuselage landing a 100 miles away from the wings and tail section? Or the 4 holes punctured in the sides?
10	7	Everyone owes Anne Hathaway an apology.	fede_8	28/09/2014	I remember the backlash when it was announced that she was going to play Catwoman. She proved everyone wrong. Including myself.
10	8	Excommunicated, he was excommunicated! You were excommunicated, he was	imemminger	26/09/2014	He was excommunicated. Excommunicated? You were excommunicated! He was excommunicated, excommunicated. He was excommunicated. Excommunicated! Excommunicated. Excommunicated. Excommunicated. 
10	9	DKR has emotional resonance like Diet Coke has nutritional resonance	daddysarm	26/09/2014	You're going to have to answer to the Coca-Cola Company. 
10	10	This is the only superhero movie that	PencilNeckedGeek	30/08/2014	I purport that Dark Knight Rises is the only superhero movie that attempts to suggest an ending to an iconic superhero. Maybe it's the only superhero *anything* -- movie, comic book, TV show, radio show, etc -- that attempts to do that. Even "The Death of Peter Parker" comic book run, or "The Death of Superman" comic book run, etc. Those were just cash grabs, and never purported to be endings of the character.
11	0	how do you watch the trilogy	zorrofilms	08/08/2014	I'm going to do a marathon, haven't in a while. What's your preferred viewing, the theatrical or extended editions?
11	1	Production values	Liporkchop420	22/07/2014	I think lord of the rings trilogy is one of the best examples of high production values . Good practical effects , armor and helmet designs, nice cgi , excellent music
11	2	Great movie	hoya_lch_happy	01/10/2014	Amazing music and characters. Love this movie
11	3	Aragon 'dies'...	damonmartin95	14/08/2014	When he fell off the cliff....I thought it was stupid and pointless! Who would believe he would die!!
11	4	No way over powered Legolas	abc_5656126	07/08/2014	Only killed 42 (I mean 43 haha) in the Helms Deep battle! I mean....there was 10,000 urik hia (sod for spelling) and Legolas is like a super-elf that could take out an Oliphant with 10 guys at once....
11	5	Sauron and Saruman	Camelot_2000	24/07/2014	Each were in their own towers and striving to find "the ring". There was an alliance there between them, but it's obvious Saruman had his own greedy motives in mind. Sauron was just a large shining CGI eye that growled and sometimes talked through the "seeing eye stone", but Chris Lee gave an excellent performance as Saruman.
11	6	Can The Return of the King be considered the best film of the trilogy?	ajvenigalla	20/04/2014	I just finished watching The Desolation of Smaug this week and I thought it was a very unfaithful adaptation but a pretty good action-fantasy flick
11	7	POLL: Most interesting name of Aragorn...	Drvobradi	16/07/2014	Aragorn had many names.Which one is the most interesting?This poll is a sequel to my other poll:
11	8	POLL: Brave little Hobbits	Drvobradi	12/06/2014	Which Hobbit did the most bravest feat? www.imdb.com/poll/geXUJ06mep8/
11	9	two geographical errors	seeyouinkansas	24/02/2014	At one point in their chase of the Uruk-hai, Legolas reports that they are taking the hobbits *north-east* to Isengard. This is, of course, the wrong direction, and would have constituted a doubling back on their west- south-westerly route.
11	10	All Silmarillion references in LOTR	TheSouthernDrruin	28/01/2014	All Silmarillion references in LOTR - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWJbNnkLXKA
12	0	Top 5 Fincher films	imaxescosia	29/09/2014	http://thefilmgeekguy.blogspot.com/2014/09/top-5-films-of-david-finche r.html
12	1	Somerset truly ****ed up at the end	smithjon21	22/08/2014	I just watched this movie and I suppose it's a moderately clever film and all but that Morgan Freeman's terrible persuasive techniques at the end were pathetic. Yes I realize he had to fail in order to make the movie more interesting and the whole full circle involvement but he could have tried a little harder also. I'm not sure why he simply didn't just lie to Mills or make a more physical effort to take his gun away. Oh well, it's still a good movie but that part just irked me.
12	2	Is Masturbation considered a Sin?	Semen_Swartz	06/06/2014	Is Masturbation considered a Sin?
12	3	Would YOU have been able to not shoot Kevin Spacey at the end?	sockableclaw	10/05/2013	If you were in Brad Pitt's shoes, and you saw a loved one's head in the box, would you have been able to stop yourself from killing Kevin Spacey?I think there are very, very few people who wouldn't have shot him. For you moral relatives out there, know this: once you see something so horrific right in front you, all logic and morals go right out the window.
12	4	Momentary Insanity	sitiharjarmohdali10	15/03/2014	Just would like some insight from anyone who has knowledge on this topic. Would Mills be able to plea momentary insanity causing the rage which made him kill John Doe. Also if he were able to play this card, what kind of court ruling could he expect?
12	5	This movie does not deserve 8.7	jash298	07/05/2014	Maybe at the time this movie deserved 8.7 and was good for it was back then,but now?No.I watched this yesterday and I thought this movie was be pretty good judging by the score but it was a average movie IMO.For a Killer who had purpose and was precise and methodical they catched on too him pretty quickly,and too quickly at that,also Brad Pitt's acting doesn't make this film any better
12	6	Am i the only one	iwalkalone007	26/07/2014	Am i the only one who figured out halfway into the movie that his wife will be killed in the end.
12	7	Book similar to this movie	jscarfoon	26/05/2014	I found this on Amazon and I really liked it. It is obviously in the same vein as Se7en but it's also its own thing
12	8	Did you find this film unintentionally funny	This_is_an_outrage	17/03/2014	When I first saw it, there were scenes that were so shocking that I unconsciously expected some comic relief. I laughed at how one of the SWAT officers sneered and said, 'you got what you deserved,' to the Sloth Victim when they first found him and thought he was already dead. I also laughed when John Doe was ranting about his victims in the back of the police car and said, 'and let's not forget that lawyer. You were secretly thanking me for that one!'
12	9	Movies everyone loves but you...	dkconklin	23/12/2009	I think every movie fan has at least one or two of these. For me Se7en is probably at the top of the list I absolutely hate this movie, and it pisses me off that everyone else in the world loves it. I find the entire film stiff, pompous, and completely pointless. I don't have any personal bias against the actors or the director (except Gwenyth Paltrow because she sucks). I just can't stand this film. But, that's me. I just find it interesting how all movie fans seem to have a film or two that everyone loves, but that they think is a complete piece of crap. I'm curious as to what movies others would put on their list of titles you hate but everyone else loves.
12	10	shall i watch se7en again??	soumil_dutta	27/03/2014	i did not like it at first so thought maybe there was something i missed so maybe i should watch again.....shall i?