0	The Shawshank redemption	1994	Frank Darabont	Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman, Bob Gunton	Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.
1	The Dark Knight	2008	Christopher Nolan	Christian Bale, Heath Ledger, Aaron Eckhart	When Batman, Gordon and Harvey Dent launch an assault on the mob, they let the clown out of the box, the Joker, bent on turning Gotham on itself and bringing any heroes down to his level.
2	Inception	2010	Christopher Nolan	Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ellen Page	A thief who steals corporate secrets through use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a CEO.
3	Pulp Fiction	1994	Quentin Tarantino	John Travolta, Uma Thurman, Samuel L. Jackson	The lives of two mob hit men, a boxer, a gangster's wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.
4	Fight Club	David Fincher	1999	Brad Pitt, Edward Norton, Helena Bonham Carter	An insomniac office worker looking for a way to change his life crosses paths with a devil-may-care soap maker and they form an underground fight club that evolves into something much, much more...
5	The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring	2001	Peter Jackson	Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Orlando Bloom	A meek hobbit of the Shire and eight companions set out on a journey to Mount Doom to destroy the One Ring and the dark lord Sauron.
6	The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King	2003	Peter Jackson	Elijah Wood, Viggo Mortensen, Ian McKellen	Gandalf and Aragorn lead the World of Men against Sauron's army to draw his gaze from Frodo and Sam as they approach Mount Doom with the One Ring.
7	The Matrix	1999	Andy Wachowski	Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne	A computer hacker learns from mysterious rebels about the true nature of his reality and his role in the war against its controllers.
8	The Godfather	1972	Francis Ford Coppola	Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan	The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son.
9	Forrest Gump	1994	Robert Zemeckis	Tom Hanks, Robin Wright, Gary Sinise	Forrest Gump, while not intelligent, has accidentally been present at many historic moments, but his true love, Jenny Curran, eludes him.
10	Hei'an qishi: Liming shengqi	2012	Christopher Nolan	Christian Bale, Tom Hardy, Anne Hathaway	A new menace emerges and the Dark Knight rises again to protect the city from a merciless terrorist with the help of anti-heroine Selina Kyle.
11	The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers	2002	Peter Jackson	Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Viggo Mortensen	While Frodo and Sam edge closer to Mordor with the help of the shifty Gollum, the divided fellowship makes a stand against Sauron's new ally, Saruman, and his hordes of Isengard.
12	Se7en	1995	David Fincher	Morgan Freeman, Brad Pitt, Kevin Spacey	Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his modus operandi.